I think that black people are exactly
like white people the only difference is
the skin color and that's what makes me
nervous around them when i see a midget
on the street i don't laugh out loud
because you're not allowed doing that
but holy shit am i laughing on the
inside a little midget Society says that
women are equal but Gemma instead adult
in tiny little body I mean how is that
not hilarious it's like a cartoon there
are literally millions of people
starving to death on this planet as we
speak and I am NOT one of them so I
don't give oh I don't love my
six-year-old nephew just because he's
very ugly it's not that I like cheating
on my wife is that I like having sex
with other women and not telling her at
least once a month I'll shit next to a
toilet in a public restroom just because
very nice kid don't love him ugly I'll
tell if it it's a lot harder to shit
next to a toilet bowl than it is to shit
in a toilet bowl trust me he's like six
years old and he looks like who's the
guy who played the dad in home alone
crouched next to the toilet trying to
hold yourself up and you can't shit on
yourself you got to make sure the shit
balls next to the toilet and that's hard
you have to take your whole pant leg off
one day I'm gonna die do you realize
what that means it means no more
thoughts no more consciousness no more
experiencing life in the realm of space
and time nothing so why wouldn't I pee
on my brother-in-law's hamster am i
sexually attracted to minors I think the
better question is am I as sexually
attracted to adults I'm pretty sure that
I don't love anyone nope you have to
actually close your eyes and concentrate
and pretend that you're shitting in the
toilet bowl just so your body will let
you shit next to the toilet bowl